# Human Exoskeleton Robot Simulation

JNA provides Java programs easy access to native shared libraries. NEST is a simulator for spiking neural network model. Smart Multi-Agent Robot Task Planning using LLM. MechatronicUML is a Model-Driven Software Development tool-chain for cyber-physical systems. RobotML stands for Robot Modelling language. Webots provides a complete development environment to model, program, and simulate robots. rviz is a 3D visualizer for the (ROS) framework. URDF models of humans created to perform human robot interaction experiments. NVIDIA Isaac Sim is an open-source application on NVIDIA Omniverse for developing, simulating, and testing AI-driven robots in realistic virtual environments. OpenBCI is an open-source brain–computer interface platform. OpenExo, an open-source exoskeleton platform for mobility and rehabilitation research. ALICE is an Open-Source pediatric robotic exoskeleton. Open source simulator developed for the CoMan humanoid robot as part of WALK-MAN European project. OpenArm is an open-source 7DOF humanoid arm designed for physical AI research and deployment in contact-rich environments. The Real-Time Robot Arm Simulator is an open-source project creating a KUKA KR 700 PA-inspired virtual robotic arm using Blender and Python/Rust. Library for modelling of Delta Robots. ROS 2 packages for the ROBOTIS OpenMANIPULATOR platform provide the necessary interfaces and tools to control the robot, integrate with its sensors, and develop physical AI applications. Modular HHCM app will genereate URDF, SRDF and a complete ROS package, which can be used to simulate and control the robot. CasADi is a symbolic framework for numeric optimization. Horizon is a framework for trajectory optimization and optimal control for robotics based on CasADi. Open source release of dexterous robotic hand, BiDexHand. IR-SIM is a lightweight robot simulator based on Python, designed for robotics navigation, control, and learning. Sniper is a next-generation parallel and high-speed simulator.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

